{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red254\green254\blue254;\red98\green98\blue98;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c99608\c99608\c99608;\cssrgb\c45882\c45882\c45882;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11820\viewh13720\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl506\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This study is on how self-driving cars should be programmed to make moral decisions.
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \'a0\

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Self-driving cars may soon be faced with making decisions in situations where human lives hang in the balance.
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\'a0\

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 In the next screens we outline some of these potential situations where a self-driving car might need to make a difficult decision.
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\'a0\

\f0\b \cf2 \strokec2 Please indicate how you think self-driving cars should be programmed when they are faced with this situation.
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\'97\'97\
\
The moral dilemma: \
\
Whether to kill passengers in the car or pedestrians. \
\
Noah buys a self-driving robocar. The self-driving car should be programmed to\'85\
\
- Kill passengers in the car and save pedestrians. \
- Kill pedestrians and save passengers in the car. \
- To decide who to kill and who to save without considering whether it is a passenger int eh car or a pedestrian. \
\
\'97\'97\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The moral dilemma: \
\
Whether to kill passengers in the car or pedestrians. \
\
You buy a self-driving robocar. The self-driving car should be programmed to\'85\
\
- Kill passengers in the car and save pedestrians. \
- Kill pedestrians and save passengers in the car. \
- To decide who to kill and who to save without considering whether it is a passenger in the car or a pedestrian. \
\
\'97\
\
According to the scenario, which of the following is true: \
- Noah buys a self-driving car. \
- You buy a self-driving car. \
- None of the above. \
\
Which of the following was true about the scenario you read: \
- There were only two options: whether to kill one person or another\
- There were three options, one of which was to decide who to kill or save without considering whether the person is a passenger or pedestrian. \
- None of the above.  \
\
}